[DeIdentify] Support FHIRPath v3.0.0 & Refactor (#581)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-health.fhir.r4: utils/deidentify/README.md

}
```

## Providing de-identification rules

The real usage of this package comes with the ability to define de-identification rules. There are two approaches:

> 1. You can provide de-identification rules in the `Config.toml` file under the `rules` section. Each rule consists of a FHIRPath expression and the desired operation to perform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You can provide de-identification rules in the `Config.toml` file under the `rules` section. Each rule consists of a list of FHIRPath expressions and a desired operation to perform.
```

Author: Fixed with https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-health.fhir.r4/pull/581/commits/28c26bf5e1b78a90154e7c2ddc88066414db9b2c
